---
title: "Repo Overview"
author: "bjsugg --- @ncsu.edu"
date: "April 2021"
---

## Purpose and Primary Files  

This repo contains all relevant files used for a class project in *ST502 - Fundamentals of Statistical Inference II* at NC State University. The two primary files of interest are:  

* `project1gifGuide.RMD` - A **complete end-to-end, in-depth overview** of the purpose of this project, the inference being made, various methods of calculating confidence intervals, and the GIF creation process. A `HTML` version is also available for download under `project1gifGuide.html`.  

* `binom95CI.RData` - The **data** reflected in the GIFs. Contains the output of a Monte Carlo simulation for a Binomial distribution of varying combinations of *p* and *n* which took approximately 11 hours to generate. More details on the tables within this file can be found in the primary `.RMD` file.  

## Reference Files  

All other files from this project are included as well, and were used for either generating data or the drafting of R code.  

* `project1codeFinal - GIF FUN.R` - Contains the Monte Carlo simulation used to generate the data stored in the primary `.RData` file.  

* `gifBuildScript` - Draft code exploring GIF creation with the - `gganimate` package. The final version of this code is contained within the primary `.RMD` file.  

* Four GIFs - Generated by code chunks within the primary `.RMD` file where they are also explained in further detail.  

## Instructions  

Anyone can follow the below steps to recreate the GIFs contained within this repo:  

1. Download the `project1gifGuide.RMD` and `binom95CI.RData` files, and preferably store together in the same directory.  

2. Open the `.RMD` file in R and install any needed packages from the `setup` code chunk, if not installed already.  

3. Navigate to the *Data Load* section of the `.RMD` file and ensure the path of the current working directory is set to the location of the downloaded `.RData` file.  

4. Knit the `.RMD` file and subsequently find the four generated GIFs in the current working directory.  
    * Note: This step should take approximately 10 minutes to run.  

Enjoy!  
